docs: add SMB scenarios, mark identity/security subs as optional, add DDoS warnings (#4097)
Azure/Azure-Landing-Zones: docs/content/accelerator/starter-terraform/scenarios/_index.md

### Full Scenarios

1. [Multi-Region Hub and Spoke Virtual Network with Azure Firewall]({{< relref "multi-region-hub-and-spoke-vnet-with-azure-firewall" >}})
2. [Multi-Region Virtual WAN with Azure Firewall]({{< relref "multi-region-virtual-wan-with-azure-firewall" >}})
3. [Multi-Region Hub and Spoke Virtual Network with Network Virtual Appliance (NVA)]({{< relref "multi-region-hub-and-spoke-vnet-with-nva" >}})
4. [Multi-Region Virtual WAN with Network Virtual Appliance (NVA)]({{< relref "multi-region-virtual-wan-with-nva" >}})
5. [Management Groups, Policy and Management Resources Only]({{< relref "management-only" >}})
6. [Single-Region Hub and Spoke Virtual Network with Azure Firewall]({{< relref "single-region-hub-and-spoke-vnet-with-azure-firewall" >}})
7. [Single-Region Virtual WAN with Azure Firewall]({{< relref "single-region-virtual-wan-with-azure-firewall" >}})
8. [Single-Region Hub and Spoke Virtual Network with Network Virtual Appliance (NVA)]({{< relref "single-region-hub-and-spoke-vnet-with-nva" >}})
9. [Single-Region Virtual WAN with Network Virtual Appliance (NVA)]({{< relref "single-region-virtual-wan-with-nva" >}})

### SMB (Small-Medium Business) Scenarios

> These scenarios are designed for small-medium businesses starting out with Azure Landing Zones. They are cost-optimized with reduced resource deployment. Identity and security subscriptions are recommended but optional in these scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These scenarios are designed for small-medium businesses **only** (e.g. less than 10 workloads or less than 100/200 FTEs) that want to start with an Azure landing zone (ALZ) aligned platform landing zone but perhaps are not yet ready for the full scale of ALZ and the associated cost. However, they want to start on the right path and not pin themselves in to an architecture they cannot expand upon later. They are cost-optimized with reduced resource deployment, out of the box.

Identity and security subscriptions are recommended but optional in these scenarios also.
```

{{< hint type=warning >}}

> The SMB scenarios disable the DDoS Protection Plan to reduce costs. If you use these scenarios, you **MUST** implement [Azure DDoS IP Protection](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ddos-protection/ddos-protection-sku-comparison) on each public IP address to maintain security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SMB scenarios disable the DDoS Network Protection Plan to reduce costs. If you use these scenarios, you **MUST** consider and plan how to sufficiently protect your applications and workloads from DDoS attacks, like using [DDoS IP Protection](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ddos-protection/ddos-protection-sku-comparison), or an alternative solution.
```
